feat(Visibility): deprecate `pathValue` in favour of `visibleWhen` (#3572)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/Form/Visibility/demos.mdx

### Matching value

> `visibleWhen` is pretty powerful. You can use it to show/hide based on the value of a `path`. You can also give it a `withValue` function that gives you the current value, so you can assert it and return a boolean based on that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`visibleWhen` is pretty powerful. You can use it to display based on the value of a `path`. You can also give it a `withValue` function that gives you the current value, so you can assert it and return a boolean based on that.
```
